.TH PASS-EXTENSION-TOTP 1 "2024 June 3" "Password store TOTP extension"

.SH NAME
pass-extension-totp - A \fBpass\fP(1) extension for managing time-based one-time-password (TOTP) tokens.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pass totp
.I pass-name

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B pass-extension-totp
extends the
.BR pass (1)
utility with the
.B totp
command for generating TOTP codes based on a secret key, using openssl.

At the moment, no addtional COMMAND is required. This extension supports both, a generic TOTP
algorithm, as used by services such as GitHub, as well as Steam's custom TOTP algorithm. 
To generate Steam TOTPs, it is required for the pass-file to be created in the \fI.password-store/steam\fP
sub-directory.

.SH COMMANDS

.TP
\fBtotp \fP [ \fI--clip\fP, \fI-c\fP ] \fIpass-name\fP

Generate and print an TOTP code from the base32-encoded \fItotp_secret\fP key stored in \fIpass-name\fP
using \fBopenssl\fP(1). If \fI--clip\fP or \fI-c\fP is specified, do not print
the code but instead copy it to the clipboard using \fBxclip\fP(1)
and then restore the clipboard after 45 (or \fIPASSWORD_STORE_CLIP_TIME\fP)
seconds.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
None

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR pass (1)

.SH AUTHORS
.B pass-extension-totp
was written by
.MT 171489683+r-maerz@users.noreply.github.com
Robert Maerz
.ME .

.SH COPYING
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
